# 2023-05-05 Package Modules Working Group Meeting

- [Previous meeting notes](https://github.com/nixpkgs-architecture/pkgs-modules/tree/main/meetings)
- [Working Group Info](https://discourse.nixos.org/t/working-group-member-search-module-system-for-packages/26574)
- [Your assigned items](https://github.com/nixpkgs-architecture/pkgs-modules/issues/assigned/@me)
- [Repository](https://github.com/nixpkgs-architecture/pkgs-modules)
- Attendees: @infinisil @edolstra @DavHau @growpotkin @06kellyjac

## Agenda

- Follow up on whether @phaer can join
    - @infinisil: Message sent
- Update on previous action items
    - @infinisil: Let's make sure all members see the PR's before merging them.
    - Issues are good for that, let's open issues -> done
    - Use cases are separate from goals, maybe?
        - We can commit them as goals, move them later as fit, it's not a problem to document too much.
    - It's okay to commit small format adjustments/moving things on master directly, only use PR's for things everybody should know about.
- Decide and delegate tasks
    - Review PRs
- @DavHau: Could have a small presentation in a meeting about drvparts
    - @infinisil: Sounds great for the next step of looking at the proposed solutions, hopefully we also have some presentations on SOS, POP, etc.
    - @edolstra: Agreed

### Action items
- [ ] Follow up on whether @phaer can join
- [ ] Work on [your assigned items](https://github.com/nixpkgs-architecture/pkgs-modules/issues/assigned/@me)
