# Meeting 2023-07-28

Attendees: @infinisil @phaer @growpotkin

## Future of this WG

@infinisil:
- We're not really making any progress, I think we need somebody to actually sit down for many days and think about how a solution could work, before a team could review it
- I have other things I'd like to focus on and this working group doesn't have super high priority

Options:
- Suspend
  - Until somebody has time to invest a bunch of time into hacking on it, when it could be unsuspended to review that work
- Different lead
  - Would @DavHau want to take over? Could have a different lead style, change the approach
- Combine with the NAT
  - Short meeting every 4 weeks to synchronise, combine with the NAT meeting
  - Only use the NAT/WG as a discussion platform/discovery mechanism
    - YouTube for presentations
    - https://github.com/nixpkgs-architecture/issues/issues to discuss issues
  - @infinisil: Let's do this, but ask the other members
    - @phaer: +1
    - @growpotkin: +1
  - TODO for @infinisil if everybody is okay with it: Do the work to merge the groups and adjust the NAT description/workflow to be up-to-date, etc.
